ptin Bob here all right and today we are
reviewing one of the most anticipated
books of the year so far for us for us
at least and for most of you on the
channel wings of fire book five and
unfortunately guys if you haven't
finished reading this yet this is the
last book in the series yeah but there
are now four now there may be even like
a new series after this that's
everything there is there's a new
prophecy and t2 Southern's even
confirmed that the seventh book is gonna
be about an i swing really well
reportedly that's what it is okay it's
no place for i found a petition keep
whirlpool alive alright so let's get
into the book now so um i think first
will tell people basically a little bit
about the book and then we'll tell what
we thought about it so um this book is
obviously about sony's you can tell on
the front cover and it tells her and her
dumb journey of finding out her parents
and finding out a lot about all the
sandwing sisters and that sort of thing
and sort of you know stopping the war
yeah that's pretty important thing in
all this yep mm-hmm it's pretty
important all right and the UM just
thinking about this now the title is a
very important part of the book of you
know that very important scene yeah yep
we're not gonna mention it because
that's spoilers that would be spoilers
alright so knowledge so people we
thought about it what do you think about
it well I'm well I thought it wasn't it
left enough for me for another series
did you be honest there's like some
unanswered questions like is whirlpool
actually that is doing even actual
dead I mean he might be we know crystal
for sure is that but we haven't seen do
nor any evidence that he is actually
dead yep everyone sort of the how the
same Kingdom sort of good and probably
being a little bit of turmoil because of
how the ending turned out and by the way
I note this is not long ago but there's
a little tiny nightwing above the world
word shielding on the back cover yep
we'll be showing that right now it's it
it's kind of important it's mostly there
I think just for that the I think it's a
very important part of the book whoa
let's just say it's a good for a
presentation of something but yes yes
all right so um I thought it was very I
thought it was a different ending
because um it's definitely one you
didn't see coming there were a lot of
plot twists do you agree yeah mm-hmm
this is one of the only books for I
legitimately care what happened to the
characters yeah it's like one of them
two books I've ever read well maybe
three but wouldn't usually one the main
character and book is in danger you're
like oh oh there's a prophecy about them
they're not gonna die yeah but in this
one because this isn't technically
spoilers cuz they probably would have
been done last yeah there is no the
prophecy does not exist or does it
muhahahaha I guess so three years to
find out in winter fire book five um and
also if you pop go to barnes noble
you'll get the exclusive Sandlin guide
the scavenger yep all right and make
sure that's only for a limited time so
gotta get a quick and supposedly you're
supposed to get notes from a new dragon
or about a new Dragon time we did not I
I didn't didn't see it beat didn't know
we did not so mostly it's just a letter
from smaller to Merlin
this is what scavengers all right yeah
yeah so alright guys thank you very very
much for watching this I'm hopefully
there'll be enough another book we can
review so stay tuned and enjoy went to
50 55